0.  According to the dictionary, the word means "a pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine silicate or quartz dust." In this context, 
    the word is an example of the longest word in the English dictionary. Any word detected in the text that's longer than this one will be ignored 
    as a word. 

1.  getrusage returns resource usage statistics for the calling process, all children of the calling process, or the calling thread. In Speller, 
    getrusage(RUSAGE_SELF, &before) and getrusage(RUSAGE_SELF, &after) serve  to calculate the time it takes the program to spell check the text.

2.  There are 16 members in the struct rusage. 

3.  The getrusage function accepts two inputs and the second of which is of pointer type. We must pass the pointer of 
    before and after into the function for it to run properly. It is also an efficient way to keeping track of the time before 
    and after the program runs. 

4.  According to the manual, fgetc()  reads the next character from the file and returns it as an unsigned char cast to an
    int, or EOF on end of file or error. The for loop goes through each character of the word see if it exists in the dictionary. 
    Each character is examined in the loop. If the character is a digit or it makes the length of the word longer than 45, 
    the program ignores the word and start with the next word by setting the index to 0. When the word has only characters and 
    apostraphe which is not at the beginning of the word, the program will intake the entire word by adding a character at a time. 
    Once the entire word is in, the program checks if this word exists in the dictionary. If it does, then it is not misspelled. 
    Otherwise, the word is considered misspelled and the program prints out the misspelled word. The program also counts the time 
    it takes the system to run the program, the number of words misspelled, and the total number of words there are in the text file.
    
5.  We use fgetc to ensure each character of the word is indeed a character or apostrophe rather than a digit. The potential problem with fscanf 
    is that we may have an invalid input and still check the spelling. The word can be invalid because it is longer than 45 characters or contain a digit. 
    When the input is invalid, there is no point to go through the spell checking and it slows down the program. Additionally, fscanf ignores the blank 
    space and makes it difficult for us to 
    check each word's spelling.

6.  Declaring a constant parameter, a pointer to word and dictionary in this case, helps to ensure that the functions "check" and "load"
    do not modify the input. Both Check and Load point to a specific location in the computer's memory. We want these functions to only read the 
    value in the memory rather than changing them. Const guards agains the improper modification of word and dictionary. 
