s= Reading Someone Else's Code

== Answers

1. Input for get_string() is stored on heap, meaning that the storage uses a pointer that stays global across the program. Unlike stack,
heap is not managed automatically for the user. The user must allocate the memory for the variable before using the block of memory and free that block
after using that variable. When the user's has no input, the memory that was previously allocated must be freed to prevent memory leak. 
Therefore, it is critical for the progrma to "return null" upon receiving no input from the user. This case is, however, different than
char, which is a primitive data type in C programmming. When char is declared, the memory is automatically allocated in stack and it is
also automatically deleted upon the completion of the function. When the input is null, the memory for the char variable will not 
cause memory leak and therefore, it is not necessary to manually free the memory by returning null. However, it is useful for the user
to know what is the maximum allowance for the input so that the user can be prompted to enter a legal input.

2. We try to read two characters from the user because there might be a symbol that is not a character before or after the character
that the system is trying to read. For example, there could be an apostraphe before or after the character. In this case, the computer
will read the character rather than the symbol. 

3. When "static" is not specified when declaring a variable, the default global varaibles have external linkage. 
When static is used, the declared object has internal linkage. When the static variable is local, the variable can
maintain its value from one function call to another and it will exist until the program ends. In our case, the 
static variables are local. Both variables are used multiple times throughout the program. Static ensures that their values sustain
across the program, especially when it comes to resizing the array towards the end of the program.

4. The library has a function called "teardown" that is called automatically after execution exists main. 
The teardown function is a destructor and it goes through a loop to free each of the library's strings. 

== Debrief

1. http://faculty.cs.niu.edu/~freedman/241/241notes/241var2.htm

2. one hour
