= Story to Share

== Answers

1. Medium does not use an array because it cannot easily expand. We cannot always add
another element to the end of it since the memory right after it might be used to store some other
variables. Although we could allocate a big size and copy the new data to the new location, this process
can be time-consuming when the array is huge, which is likely the case for Medium. When the user adds a new

2. Linked List has its own limitation in its ability to search and insert content. Hash table solves 
this problem by making the operations constant time. A hash time is an array of linked lists and it
allows for fast searching and insertion in comparison to array and linked list. The hash table enables 
Bloom filter in Medium, which errs on the side that users have read the post and adds additional security 
layer. Wish the hash table, it makes it possible for the system to only convert data to hash but not
the other way around. This way, not only does Medium know which posts the user has already read quickly, 
but the hash also enhances security features for the user. 

3. Tries makes it less secure for the user because it can reveal which posts they have read. A hash table will not uniquely identify 
the post that the user has read. Instead, it only knows which hash buckets has been filled. 

4. When the posts that a user have read fill up all the buckets with their unique combination of hashes, the buckets
all have a non-null value. However, this doesn't mean that the user has read all the posts. When the system process the 
hash of a specific post, it will think that the post has been read by the user because the content of the hash exists in 
the bucket. However, this is only because the hash of that post happens to only have content that has been covered by the 
hashes of the previous posts that the user has read. For example, when the hashes for previous posts that the user has read are "123,"
"234," and "345," and the unread posts hashes to "135," the computer will think the post has been read because the bucket for 1, 3, 5 
has been filled by previously read posts. In reality, there has not been a post with a unique hash combination of "135" that has 
been read by the user. The false postive is fine for the purpose of Medium because the users will never know the posts that they never read
but are not suggested to them by Medium.


== Debrief

1. Course notes

2. one hour
